Create Security Policy (#1462)
libevent/libevent: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

> Security updates are applied only to the latest release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security updates are applied only to 2.1 and 2.2 latest stable releases.
```
